And when they died they passed it on to their children.
Which is how the kingdom got its name.
So they returned it to its original owner.
They ate it at the feast and it was delicious.
His dedication had broken the spell.
And the flames rose higher and the evil place was destroyed.
She never let it out of her sight again.
And in the course of time they became king and queen.
He picked up his weapon and went on his way.
So the spell was broken and they were free.
And the kingdom rejoiced at the end of the tyrant's reign.
So the village was restored to prosperity.
So the evil-doers were thrown down a well.
But she still visited them from time to time.
They thanked the hero who had saved them all.
So it was transformed back into human form.
And the king was delighted with such an unusual gift.
She always wore it to help remind her.
So everything was restored to its former glory.
They looked after it until she was old enough.
So the king agreed to spare his life.
As dawn broke they could see it was perfect.
It fit perfectly.
And never as long as she lived could it be removed.
And to this day no one knows where she ran to.
Her sorrow came to an end and her joy began.
And there they sit to this very day.
And so the prophecy had been fulfilled.
But no matter how hard they searched they were never able to find it again.
So she revealed her true identity and they were married.
So the rightful ruler was placed once more on the throne.
The curse was lifted as had been foretold.
So the king relented and the two were married.
The king fulfilled his side of the bargain and everyone was happy.
And she was reunited with her family.
So he told her he was the prince and they lived happily ever after.
And the parents were reunited with their long-lost child.
So they changed places and everything was back to normal.
So the riddle was finally answered.
But it had vanished as mysteriously as it had appeared.
So the Queen gave them the prize as she had promised.
With the rival dead they could get married at last.
So he forgave her and they were married.
So they escaped their captors and fled home.
And he was reunited with his family.
So they promised never to fight again.
And for all I know they may be dancing still.
You have freed me from my enchantment and tomorrow we will be married.
Which proves that a pure heart will always triumph in the end.
He saw the error of his ways and repented.
So he realized how loyal his brother had been.
True love had broken the enchantment.
Which proves that one should always be more careful of ones companions.
And he listened to his mother's advice from then on.
And they were blind for the rest of their days for their wickedness and falsehood.
